("Time in a Bottle"
by Yungblud playing)
♪ If I could save time
in a bottle ♪
♪ The first thing
that I'd like to do ♪
♪ Is to save every day ♪
♪ Till eternity passes away ♪
♪ Just to spend them with you ♪
SOLDIER:
All right, touchdown in two.
Rules of engagement:
electric rounds only.
MI6 wants them alive
for questioning.
The target's in a metal coffer.
Every agency and terror cell is looking for it.
♪ But there never seems
to be enough time ♪
♪ To do the things
you want to do ♪
-♪ Once you find them ♪
-(men shout)
♪ Once you find them ♪
♪ I've looked around
enough to know ♪
♪ That you're the one
I want to go ♪
-♪ Through time with ♪
-(beeping)
♪ Through time with. ♪
Freeze!
Get down on the ground!
-Drop your weapon!
-(grunting)
-Don't move!
-Hold it!
Get down!
♪ ♪
(tires screech)
(beeping)
♪ ♪
(beeps)
-Asset secured.
-(radio static crackles)
-BRIXTON: MI6.
-SOLDIER: Freeze!
Whoa, whoa. I'm a fan.
Fantastic job,
and I think you look amazing
in your matching outfits.
Who the hell are you?
Bad guy.
(gun racks)
Get on the ground, now!
(beeping)
Nah.
(grunting)
(gun clicks empty)
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(engine starts)
(tires squealing)
(panting)
(steady beeping)
(beeping continues faster)
(gasps)
♪ ♪
(lid creaks)
(grunting)
(gasping, coughing)
(radio beeps, static crackles)
Bulldog Two.
-The team is down.
-(straining)
We've been betrayed.
-She took the virus.
-(soldier choking)
(static crackles)
One of the soldiers
got away with the virus.
I want her on the run
with no place to turn.
She is a-a wily one.
Monitor all channels and make
sure she takes the fall for it.
-Understand?
-Yes, sir.
What you want us to do
with these assholes?
Clean it up.
I don't care.
No witnesses.
I'm gonna get it back.
Who's gonna stop me?
(alarms beeping)
("Better As One"
by The Heavy playing)
(sniffs)
-♪ If I say it once, I'm-a
say it twice ♪ -♪
Say it
♪
-♪ Somebody gonna pay
the price ♪ -♪
All right
♪
-♪ Somebody better
lose their head ♪ -♪
Hey
♪
-♪ Somebody paying off
some debt ♪ -♪
Ow!
♪
♪ Don't blink,
better hold my tongue ♪
-(engines revving)
-♪ Better hold my soul ♪
-♪ If I'm off the coast ♪
-♪
All right
♪
♪ This mess can't make it up ♪
♪ But the way I play
won't make you go ♪
♪ I know that
we can do better ♪
♪ I know we're better as one ♪
-(grunting) -♪ I know
that we can do better ♪
♪ Without evil on our tongue ♪
♪ I know that
we can do better ♪
♪ I know we're better as one ♪
-(phones ringing) -♪ I know
that we can do better ♪
♪ Without evil on our tongue ♪
BOTH:
Where?
(engines revving)
-♪ Ow! Can we make it
different? ♪ -♪
Yeah
♪
-(tires screech) -♪ Can we
make it better? ♪ -♪
Yeah
♪
♪ Can we make love
reign supreme ♪
♪ Keeping headway
in the distance? ♪
-♪ Can we make it better? ♪
-♪
Yeah
♪
-♪ Can we make it different? ♪
-♪
Yeah
♪
♪ Can we take
the head from the beast ♪
♪ That insisted
we're all different? ♪
♪ I know that we can do better ♪
♪ I know we're better as one ♪
♪ Without evil on our tongue ♪
♪ I know that we can do better ♪
♪ I know we're better as one ♪
♪ Without evil on our tongue ♪
(lively chatter)
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Yeah. ♪
Who the hell are you?
Ooh.
I'm what you call
"an ice-cold can of whup-ass."
(neck cracks)
(lively chatter)
Who the hell are you?
I'm what you might call
"a champagne problem."
(grunting)
What you got, big man?
(choking)
(grunting)
-(needle buzzing)
-(shouting)
(straining)
(women scream)
Really thought
that would have broke.
(women screaming)
Uh-uh.
(screams)
I'm gonna kill you!
You gonna die!
(grunting)
-(women gasping, screaming)
-LERMOTOV: Right, you...
(groans)
(inhales sharply)
Ooh.
(women screaming)
-(panting)
-All right, all right.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's my favorite jacket.
Don't do that.
Hi, sweetheart.
Could you pass me
that gun, please?
Thank you very much.
Nice tats.
All right, ass-clown.
We're gonna play a little game.
It's called hangman.
I'm gonna ask you
some questions.
When you give me an answer
I don't like...
-(needle buzzes)
-(panting)
Okay, you get the idea.
I've been tracking
some dark web chatter
about a super virus that's
coming up on the auction block.
Why don't you tell me about it.
I swear, I d-- I don't know.
I don't like that answer.
-(needle buzzing)
-(grunting)
-A little bird told me about
a shadow outfit. -(gasping)
Black tech. Blood ops.
Real assholes.
Like you.
They're called Eteon.
And you're gonna tell me
where to find them.
You're not gonna tell me
because I'm hanging you
out the window.
You're gonna tell me
because I'm the guy
willing to drop you.
-(Tsoi screaming)
-(needle buzzing)
(giggles)
(Tsoi screaming)
All right, bonus round.
Where's the virus?
-No! No, wait!
-♪ ♪
-Don't leave me out here!
-♪ Whoo ♪
Please!
-Don't leave me!
-♪ Yeah ♪
Don't leave me!
♪ All right, here we go ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
What did he write?
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Money on my mind,
so I'm too paid ♪
♪ Real all the time,
never Kool-Aid ♪
♪ Sipping on D'USSÉ, psych ♪
♪ Came a long way from G-Burg ♪
♪ Putting in work like Ferg ♪
♪ What that even mean? I don't
know what you talking 'bout ♪
♪ Why nowadays
everybody got a palm out? ♪
♪ PLP, yeah, that be me and
that be what I rhyme 'bout ♪
♪ I have arrived, all you
rappers are in time-out... ♪
"A." "A." "A."
Excellent.
Oh, by the way, your
Old Man and the Sea
report...
-Mm-hmm.
-...from last week?
You did so good.
It was awesome.
-Thanks, Daddy.
-Give me some. Yes. Yeah.
What's that?
Um, it's a social studies
assignment.
It's a family tree.
It's just a sketch.
HOBBS:
Oh, yeah.
That's our family tree
right there.
It's, uh...
it's super easy to read
and very clear.
Yeah.
But I was going to use this.
I found it in a garage drawer.
That's you, isn't it?
Who's Jonah?
Is that your brother?
(smacks lips)
Yup. That's my brother.
Why don't you ever
talk about Samoa?
Did something happen?
In life, things happen.
You may not want them to,
but they do.
You just got to do your best...
and move on.
And the fact of the matter is
I'm your family.
I'm your people.
-Me.
-And you're a whole lot.
-Oh, I am a whole lot.
-(chuckles)
Look at this.
Perfect timing.
Oh, no, this is the mini.
-Yup.
-Thank you so much.
-Cheat day?
-Cheat day.
Yeah. Thank you so much.
Is that really necessary?
Come on!
She's 71 years old.
What's the matter with you lot?
Sir, the prisoner will
only be allowed more leniency
when she proves to be
less of a security risk.
If someone leaves
a back door open,
it's a bit daft
not to try and use it.
What's daft is paying one of
the screws to leave it open
but not paying them enough
to keep their mouth shut.
Yeah, well,
my point still stands.
If you can't break out of
a shitty prison like this,
then you're
seriously slipping, Mum.
You cheeky bugger.
Speaking of breaking out,
where's my birthday cake?
What, the one
with the file in it?
-They're baking it.
-Who wants a bloody file?
What I want is
a nice little bit of C-4.
Listen, if you want
out of here,
just say the word;
I'll handle it.
Oh, Decks, I'm just having
a bit of fun, really.
Being banged up
doesn't bother me.
I quite enjoy
the peace and quiet.
You know, nice walk, bit of
reading, loads of sudoku.
It's like being retired.
Love it.
Now, listen, have you spoken
with your sister?
You know I haven't, Mum.
-Give me your hand.
-There she goes.
I mean, you and your sister,
y-you used to be inseparable.
What happened, Decks?
What happened between you?
I remember you, Owen and Hattie
playing out in the backyard.
Your little games,
your little grifts.
Oh, robbing banks.
You used to give
your little scams code names.
(laughs):
Do you remember?
Oh, what was that one?
-Um...
-The Keith Moon.
MAGDALENE:
(laughs) Yeah, that's right.
It was called "The Keith Moon" because it...
SHAW:
It involved lots of explosive percussion
and permanent ear damage.
♪ Yeah! ♪
(laughs)
That's my boy.
No wonder we left
the family business.
She loves you, you know.
All you got to do is
pick up the phone, Decks.
Look at me.
You're her big brother.
She looks up to you.
Used to.
Well, one day, I just hope
that I walk through that door
and I see the two of you
sitting there.
How many years you got left?
Two, with good behavior.
-So how many, really?
-Four.
Well, you know what they say.
Never say never.
GUARD:
Time's up.
-You behave yourself.
-Will do.
Love you, darling.
(kisses)
Love you, too. (kisses)
(Magdalene laughs)
(music playing quietly
over speakers)
All right.
LOCKE:
Lucas Rebecca Hobbs.
I haven't seen you in forever.
-"Rebecca"?
-Do you even age?
-How long's it been?
-Six months.
-Time flies.
-When we're apart.
What is your skin care regimen?
-Because you look like...
-Don't sit down.
...a young Shirley Temple.
(whispers): Go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go, go.
Daddy, who is this guy?
Well, this guy is,
uh, is Locke.
And he works for the CIA.
Dad and I are old friends.
-We're not old friends.
-Actually, we're, um...
we're best friends.
Here's the half heart.
-I don't know what that is.
-Right there.
We got some ink together
as well.
-We did not get ink together.
-Oh, we didn't?
-No, we did not.
-Huh. Interesting.
-We never got ink together.
-Well, I seem to remember
getting a little something
like this
-at one point on my body.
-Jesus.
Christ, I miss
our playful banter.
You have one minute
to tell me what you want
before I knock
one of your lungs loose.
You and I are
after the same thing.
Say hello to the CT17 virus.
It's a programmable bioweapon
of biblical proportions,
affectionately code-named
"the Snowflake."
-What does the Snowflake do?
-Oh, nothing much.
Just, uh, liquefies
your internal organs.
Basically turns your body
into a giant bag of hot soup.
-She is nine.
-Seen worse.
-Where?
-Game of Thrones.
-Janet's house.
-I've never heard of it.
A Lannister always
pays his debts.
You're never
going over there again.
LOCKE: But there's a new
wrinkle in the case, Rebecca.
The specifics are
all in the brief.
There you go.
-She's ready, Becca.
-She's nine. She's nine.
This is the only unit
of CT17 in existence,
and this Snowflake
is now in the hands
of a rogue MI6 operative
in London.
Dad, are all spies that pretty?
No. She is
unusually attractive.
And deadly. Last night,
she was part of an MI6 team
tasked with securing the virus.
She then proceeded to kill
her entire black ops squad.
She stabbed one guy
in the chest using a brick.
Do you know how hard that is?
-To stab someone using a brick?
-Get to the point.
The point is
there's no sharp edge.
How did she get an entire brick
into another person's chest?
She either had to be really
strong or the other person
had to have been, like,
born without, like, bones.
-Get to the larger point.
-She stole the Snowflake.
-She went totally off-grid.
-Who's this?
That's the scientist
we believe created the virus.
Great.
Where do I find him?
He's off-grid, too.
Impossible to find.
-Maybe dead.
-You're very helpful, Locke.
And you're
the world's best tracker.
I'm sure you'll
figure something out.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm DSS, you're CIA.
-I don't work for you.
-Your boss loaned you out.
You do now, dick face.
-What did you call me?
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Let's just settle down.
All right?
We've already got a black site
running in London.
There's an operative there,
top of his game.
-He'll be your contact.
-I don't need anybody else.
-I work alone.
-We got bigger problems
than your fragile ego
or the fact that
a moment ago I most definitely
shit my pants.
The entire world is
at stake here, all right?
This thing gets out,
we're looking at a lot of
liquefied organs,
and I mean, like, everywhere.
And not just yours and mine.
Uh, he knows
I can see him, right?
He knows nothing, Jon Snow.
(Sam chuckles)
So what's it gonna be, Becky?
You gonna partner up?
-I'm in.
-Of course you are.
Do you remember
what I told you in Rwanda?
-"It still burns"?
-No. The other thing.
"Stop watching me sleep."
I said, "We are not..."
-We're best friends.
-"...friends at all."
-And to watch your back.
-Wash your back.
-Yeah. I remember.
-W-Watch your back.
Lot of back. I got you. Hey.
Same old Hobbs, huh?
Same old Locke.
All right.
Who's on the case?
(man speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
Mr. Shaw.
Whatever it is,
I ain't buying it.
Hm, you don't know
what I'm selling or who I am.
-CIA.
-How can you...
Sunglasses, cloudy day,
sensible shoes.
Okay, well, these are--
I have fallen arches,
and I don't have
a lot of choice in what I...
Anyway, uh, I'm Agent Loeb,
and I need to talk to you
-about our shared interest.
-Hey, how'd you find me?
I got a tip from
an acquaintance of yours:
-Mr. Nobody.
Little joke for you, Loeb.
What do, uh, CIA operatives
and baseballs have in common?
People cheer when
you hit them with a bat.
No.
They are two things
I don't give a toss about.
-That works, too.
-(car door opens)
The weapon she's stolen is not
like anything we've ever seen.
It's a programmable disease
that can target
any DNA sequence
with a 100% mortality rate
inside 72 hours.
If MI6 finds her,
they're gonna treat her like a traitor.
MAN (over phone): We need you
to surrender the virus.
What is your location?
What, you think I killed them?
LOEB:
But if you help us find her,
if you bring us the virus, we'll grant her immunity.
We've set up a black site
here in London.
You've got everything you could
need at your disposal,
and we're bringing in an asset
from the States to assist you.
I don't need anybody.
Maybe not, Mr. Shaw,
but she does.
-My guy's in.
-My guy's in, too.
Hey, is your guy
gonna freak out
when he finds out
who my guy is?
I mean, didn't they just do
a job together in New York?
Yeah, but didn't they just
destroy the DSS field office
in L.A. by throwing each other
through it? I don't know.
Look, I don't know about
your guy, but my guy?
He's gonna get this.
He's gonna pull this off.
You know why?
We've been best friends
our whole goddamn lives.
Well, my guy beat the shit
out of me at a bar in Kraków
17 years ago, and he doesn't
even remember me.
So, we all have our histories.
Anyway, it's the fate
of the world here.
It's the fate of the world.
The planet's population
is in their hands.
-Serious stuff. -I mean,
you'd think they'd be able
to put aside any petty
rivalries to save the world.
-Mm. Mm.
-(slurping)
BOTH:
No fucking way.
No, I'm not working
with this guy.
I been there, done that.
Hey, the minute
he gets involved,
you can kiss goodbye
to any finesse,
because She-Hulk here
only knows how to smash.
Yeah, and Mr. Arson here
only knows how to blow shit up.
-And the fact is...
-No offense.
-Oh, no offense.
BOTH:
This guy's a real asshole.
That's, uh, "sumbitch"
in your native tongue.
That'd be "wanker"
Are you finished blubbering?
You sound like
a giant tattooed baby.
You know what, I'm not
listening to this horseshit.
I got a job to do.
Tell your mom I said hi.
Actually, I'll tell her myself.
Don't you ever talk
about my mother.
I'll put your head
through that wall.
Secondly,
I'll have this job done
while you're still putting on
your baby oil.
Good luck, slick.
-(snaps fingers)
-That's it.
You just reminded me.
That's exactly why I hate
working with you.
It's your voice.
It's your nasally,
prepubescent,
Harry Potter voice.
Every time you speak--
just imagine this
for a second--
it's like dragging my balls
across shattered glass.
And it hurts.
Well, for me,
it's not your voice.
It's your face.
Your big, stupid face.
Looking at it
makes me feel like
God is projectile-vomiting
right in my eyes.
And it burns.
(inhales deeply)
It really burns.
(chair creaking)
What you gonna do now?
Throw a bit of furniture?
For your information,
I was gonna take this chair
and turn it sideways
and shove it
-right down your throat.
-Of course you were,
'cause that's your answer
to everything.
Smash a hole through every
problem in a massive truck.
But that's not gonna work here.
-Ah, I think it'll work fine.
-AGENT: Guys?
Why don't you two take a seat
and we'll talk through this?
(feedback squeals)
Me and you, us--
I've been down this road.
It's a total waste of time.
For once, I couldn't agree
with you more.
Yeah?
Well, I'm doing this my way.
If anyone's got
a problem with that,
I suggest you come out here
and stop me.
I'm not going in there.
Well, I'm not going in there.
Smart lads.
HOBBS:
All right. (chuckles)
Now that we got rid of that
fun sponge, we can get to work.
I want you to pull up every
CCTV camera
around Central London.
We already have two dozen
agents scouring footage...
Don't you talk back
to me, Opie. Uh-uh.
I just care about the coverage.
I ain't gonna ask you again.
Now pull it up.
Now zoom in on the area
of the heist.
-Now invert it.
-(typing)
Highlight the areas
that the cameras don't cover.
She's smart.
She just killed her entire team
and stole a deadly virus.
She ain't waiting around for no picture.
♪ I'm on the next level ♪
♪ Yeah, I know
you heard about it ♪
♪ You know I'm 'bout it,
'bout it ♪
♪ And don't you ever doubt it ♪
♪ I'm incomparable ♪
♪ That's why they starin',
though ♪
♪ Turn up the stereo,
check it out ♪
♪ Check it out, check it out ♪
♪ Ooh-whee ♪
♪ I'm hot just like a sauna ♪
♪ New York to California ♪
♪ Too hot, too hot ♪
♪ Ooh-whee ♪
♪ You ain't seen nothin'
like this ♪
♪ Nobody do it like this,
this, this, this ♪
♪ I'm on the next level ♪
♪ Next, next, next level ♪
♪ On the next level ♪
♪ They all tryin'
to catch up to my ♪
♪ Next level ♪
♪ Check it out, check it out,
check it out ♪
♪ La-la la-la
la la ♪
♪ La-la la-la la la ♪
-♪ La-la la-la la la ♪
-(sighs heavily)
♪ La la la la la ♪
♪ You like that old-school ♪
♪ Back in the musee ♪
♪ That-that is old news ♪
♪ I'm poppin'
through the ceiling ♪
♪ That's my motto,
that's my motto ♪
♪ I lead, they follow ♪
♪ Ooh-whee ♪
♪ You ain't seen nothin'
like this ♪
♪ Nobody do it like this, oh! ♪
♪ I'm on the next level ♪
♪ They all tryin'
to catch up to my ♪
♪ Next level ♪
♪ Next, next, next level ♪
♪ Check it out, check it out,
check it out. ♪
Got a lot of nasty people
looking for you.
Are you nasty?
Well, it all depends on what
happens in the next 30 seconds.
Promises, promises.
(door opens)
So here's how it's
gonna go down.
We do this the hard way
or the easy way.
(scoffs)
Are you serious?
-I am.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Mm.
Well, it's a tough decision.
No, it's really not.
You want me to freeze?
Let me see your hands.
Fine.
But you're not gonna like
what's in 'em.
Think I made up my mind.
-You seem like a smart woman.
-I am.
The hard way.
(grunting and groaning)
Look... Oh!
Hold on, I ju... (grunts)
(yells, groans)
(grunting)
Stop.
Geez.
(grunting and groaning)
(man yells, groans)
(grunting)
Hey. No.
(grunts)
(grunting, yelling)
-(yells, chuckles)
-(groans, exhales)
-(glass shatters)
-(panting)
-Are you taking it easy on me?
-(handcuffs click)
For the moment.
(grunting and groaning)
(metallic ringing)
(screams)
(grunting)
Bet you wish you didn't
take it easy on me now, huh?
I wish a lot of things
right now.
You're gonna go to sleep now.
It's all gonna seem
like a bad dream.
It's more like a nightmare.
This whole thing is a nightmare.
All right, let's me and you
have a little chat.
(growls)
(grunting, yelling)
(metal clangs on floor)
(grenade spinning on floor)
-(beeping)
-(panting)
SCIENTIST:
The director called.
He ordered a new baseline for you.
He has everything ready
for you in medical.
DIRECTOR (distorted voice):
Perfection is
a painful process, Brixton,
in ourselves and in the pursuit
of a perfect world.
Humanity must evolve
before it destroys itself.
-Eteon will carve out all
human weakness... -(yells)
...and replace it
with mechanical perfection.
And you will lead the way.
I'm gonna ask you a question.
It's not what you think it is.
Do you like to dance?
What, the Electric Slide?
The Macarena?
No, I don't.
No, no, no,
I was thinking about...
the tango, where it takes two.
Yeah, don't know that one.
Must be different generations.
(laughs)
Yeah, well, either way,
the music started,
so let's see what kind
of rhythm you have.
-Where's the virus?
-Look, I told you, I've no idea
-what you're talking about.
-Okay, that hurt.
You just stepped on my toes.
That didn't feel good.
Let's try it again.
I think you're better than that.
-Where's the virus?
-I didn't ask to dance.
And why should I talk to you?
You're not CIA.
No? How do you know that?
Where shall I start?
There's two types
of CIA agents:
intelligence and espionage.
Those guys over there
can barely lift a pencil.
That's what intelligence agents
look like.
And you look like
you could pick up a building.
But espionage is about
blending in,
about being subtle, and there
is nothing subtle about you.
Yeah.
That's good.
I'm impressed.
I didn't kill anybody.
I know you didn't.
How do you know that, then?
Because you can learn a lot
about somebody
when you fight them,
and when we fought,
you weren't fighting to kill me.
You were fighting to run away.
But either way, the world thinks
that you're a murderer
and a thief,
so you're not going anywhere or
getting any goddamn phone call
until you give me
some real answers.
You have no idea
what is happening here.
Then tell me.
Help me understand.
-I can't.
-Then I can't, either.
-You're wasting my time.
-You're wasting time.
Virus gets in the wrong hands,
that's it-- it's game over.
(alarm ringing)
(chuckles)
Does that mean it's time
for curls?
Just like the CIA, always
flexing the wrong muscle.
You know, the mind is the
strongest muscle in the body.
Maybe you should try exercising
that a little bit more.
"There's more wisdom
in your body
than in your deepest
philosophies."
Ooh, let me guess.
That Bruce Lee?
(laughs)
No, Nietzsche.
'Cause I'm flexing this.
And all of that.
Come here.
If she moves,
I want you to shoot her.
Yeah, he can't shoot me.
-Yeah, not allowed.
-HOBBS: In the face.
No, you can't, not in the face.
You'd go to prison.
You can shoot her
right in the face.
No, you can't.
You'd go to prison. Sorry.
I want you to shoot her
two times right in that face.
-Okay?
-Uh...
SAM (over phone):
Hi, Dad.
Did you catch the hot spy lady?
Come on, it's me.
I catch everybody I hunt.
How long have you
been doing this?
Because you seem new.
(groaning)
She's actually quite annoying.
You know, Dad, sometimes people
annoy each other
when they're actually,
like, flirting.
Where'd you hear that from?
(grunting and groaning)
Okay, look, uh,
me and the spy lady,
we're not flirting, all right?
Zero chemistry.
(groaning)
(tires squeak)
(engine revs, shuts off)
I don't know.
When you saw her photo,
you definitely gave the eyebrow.
-What eyebrow? -You know, Dad,
that thing that you do.
What thing?
-I don't do that.
-Yes, you do.
No, I d...
I definitely don't do that.
I don't even know
what you're doing.
That's the silliest thing
I've ever seen.
Let me get going-- I got
business to take care of--
and I'll see you
when I get home, okay?
-I love you.
-Love you.
Hey, one more thing.
-(Sam laughs)
-(chuckles)
(choking)
Goddamn it.
(grunting)
This is not the dance
you want to do with me, woman.
-Oh, really?
-I eat bullets all day long.
Oh, for breakfast and lunch?
'Cause it's dinnertime.
I'll count down for you.
Three.
-Two. -SHAW: Hobbs.
-(gun cocks)
-ANALYST: Freeze!
-Put that down.
Get your greasy sausage fingers
off of her.
-What are you doing here?
-Saving you.
-I don't need to be saved.
-No, no, no, no, no.
All right? This is my house,
and your goddamn girlfriend
-ain't going anywhere.
-That's disgusting.
Girlfriend?
That is my sister.
Bullshit. She's too
good-looking to be your sister.
Very funny. Hat, there are
people after you.
-Believe me, I know that.
-Yeah, it's gonna stay that way
unless you tell me
where that virus is.
Listen to me, pinhead.
She's gonna die
if I don't get her
out of here right now.
We're all gonna die
if she doesn't
tell us where that weapon is.
Actually, everyone's gonna die,
'cause I am the virus.
It's embedded in capsules.
I need to find a way
to get them out.
(explosive whoosh)
(groaning)
♪ ♪
(gunfire)
(groaning)
Bag the asset.
(beeps, whooshes)
♪ ♪
-Now or never. -I'm more of
a "now" type of guy.
-On my three.
-Sure.
One, two, three.
No one tells me what to do.
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(bullets ricochet)
(mouthing)
(grunting)
(brakes screeching)
(yells)
(people screaming)
(grunting and groaning)
(frantic chatter, screaming)
Now I take you to school, son.
(whirring)
(grunting)
(panting)
(gunfire)
BRIXTON:
Deckard Shaw.
It's been a long time.
Good to see you, Brixton.
I think you're out
of bullets there, son.
-Lucky for you, I am.
-Yeah.
-Nice suit.
-Bulletproof.
-State of the art.
-Could've done with that
the last time
I put a bullet in you.
No, actually,
it was three bullets.
Two to the chest,
one to the head.
Just like they taught us.
Do you remember?
It's a shame
you didn't join Eteon.
You could have had all this,
my friend.
-Friend?
-Yeah.
-You're not the man I knew.
-No.
I am way better.
I'm the future of mankind.
(whirring)
(grunting)
(beeping)
♪ ♪
(engine revving)
HOBBS:
Stop!
Hattie, get in the car.
We're all going.
Not you.
Just the girl.
-I said, "We're all going."
-(sirens approaching)
(grunts)
Disable the car.
I need the girl alive.
♪ ♪
♪ Ha, going for mine,
running out of time ♪
♪ If you're coming for me,
you better get in line ♪
♪ Hit you with the Force
like Skywalker ♪
♪ Creeping through the dark
like a night stalker ♪
♪ Put you in the earth,
say a prayer soon ♪
♪ Tension in the room,
let me break it ♪
♪ With a boom of a shotgun ♪
What the hell did you do,
Hattie?
A big brother lecture now,
really? Huh?
I injected myself.
I didn't have a choice.
He was gonna take it.
♪ Ha, I got a good side,
I got a bad side ♪
♪ I got a monkey on my back
and I call it pride ♪
♪ I got a mean streak
I don't care to hide ♪
♪ And I will fight for my cause
even if I die, yeah ♪
(horn honking, tires squealing)
Program intercepting vector.
♪ Time for some action ♪
♪ Come on! ♪
♪ Ha! ♪
-(tires squealing)
-(people screaming)
♪ I am the evolution of man ♪
♪ And I will win
any way that I can ♪
♪ I go to war
anywhere that I am ♪
♪ I go to war! ♪
-You might want to...
-SHAW: No. -(Hobbs grunts)
(tires squeal)
(woman screams)
(engine revving)
♪ ♪
(tire squeals)
(engine revs, whooshes)
(bullets ricochet)
Might be time for some curls.
(grunting frantically)
(screaming)
Very good.
You want to tell me just what
in the fresh turkey hell
-we're dealing with here?
-Long story.
He's a ghost.
Supposed to be dead.
Eight years ago, I put a bullet
through his brain.
Great. So we're being chased
by the Terminator.
(truck horn droning)
I don't think
he's gonna make it.
Well, I don't think he can see
over the steering wheel.
Buckle up, fat boy.
I'm gonna save your life again.
(tires squeal, engine revs)
(rapid beeping, whirring)
(tires squeal)
(gasps)
(engine revs, tires squeal)
(yells)
(panting)
You want a war, then?
Okay.
(metallic rattling)
Okay, ride's over.
We got to lose this car.
♪ ♪
Update.
I've hacked the mainframe
of every news agency
and outlet.
How many do we control?
-174 broadcasts,
2,000-odd online. -Double it.
I want 100% control
of this story.
-A standard frame job.
-No, standard will not do.
I need something special
for these guys.
So listen up. Narrative:
Hobbs, Shaw--
big guy, little guy--
have been I.D.'d.
They've been blamed for
the recent attacks on the CIA.
They shared a prison cell
where they hatched a plan
to start their reign of terror.
Just got real.
HATTIE:
Who the hell are these guys?
SHAW:
Eteon.
They're a secret tech cult
with a mercenary army and plenty of dark money.
UK.
SHAW:
And delusions of saving the world
by augmenting the human race.
That's it.
Apparently, they control
the media as well.
Heard rumors
about these people.
Everybody thinks they're a myth.
SHAW: I've seen it firsthand
how real they are.
If you don't fit
into their plans,
-you've already dug
your own grave. -All right.
Let's get to the nearest
lockdown facility...
Hey, no, no, no, no.
You don't get it, do you?
Brixton's a tier-one assassin.
Best I've ever seen.
I know him.
He ain't never gonna stop
until he gets that virus.
And besides, that's my sister.
Family business.
Is your name Shaw?
No. Then she's going
nowhere with you.
HOBBS:
When it comes to the fate
of the world,
it becomes my business.
I don't care if
she's your sister.
That woman ain't going
anywhere...
-BOTH: Where are you going?
-I'm going away.
I don't have time for
your alpha male shit right now.
You're both idiots. You clearly
can't work together,
and so you're absolutely
useless to me.
So I'm gonna go find the man
who can help me get this thing
out of my system.
-See you.
-HOBBS: You mean this man?
I was tracking him
before the attack.
He's hard to find, but I think
I got a hell of a lead.
-Russian newspaper.
-Not just any old paper.
There's only one place
in London that sells that.
(indistinct newscast playing)
(grunting)
(panting quietly)
Call the director.
(whirring, line ringing)
DIRECTOR:
Well, well. Deckard Shaw.
How complicated for you.
Not really.
He's also working with DSS,
Luke Hobbs.
Hobbs.
We have a history.
They're formidable.
Small fry.
I'll eliminate the two of them,
get the asset back ASAP.
You get the girl,
extract the virus
and reprogram it for phase one.
We use that weapon
to eliminate the weak
and anyone who would get
in our way.
We're building
the perfect system, Brixton.
Hobbs and Shaw can be
considerable assets for Eteon.
-Turn them.
-Turn 'em?
Sorry, I don't follow.
I want them turned.
I want them working
for the cause.
Understood?
They can't be turned.
What makes you so certain?
The last time we asked,
I got shot in the face.
That makes me very certain.
So I suggest that we take
another approach.
-Which is why...
-I'm not asking, Brixton.
You show them
the consequences of refusal.
Or perhaps
I'll show them to you.
Is that a threat?
I'd remember who you're
reliant on for your survival.
All for the cause.
Look, honey, I have to talk
to you about something.
It's very important right now.
Remember how we spoke about
what would happen
if things went sideways?
We called it a "code red."
Well, it's happening.
Is there anything I can do?
You need to stay home.
You're gonna be safe there.
As a matter of fact,
we've got the CIA
listening in on this call
right now.
Watch this. Hi, Locke.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody's great.
I'm actually at our old, uh...
our old diner here.
It's super weird being here
without you guys.
Think it's closed.
Thank you, brother.
Honey, I've already talked
to Aunt Lisa.
She knows exactly what to do.
I'm gonna be home
as soon as I can.
Love you.
I love you back.
Goodbye.
Luke Hobbs and Deckard Shaw.
While Hobbs is an agent
in the American...
Tell us everything you know...
about this.
My God, wh-when were you
exposed?
HATTIE:
About 30 hours ago.
Then the capsules
containing the virus
-are still intact.
-So we need to neutralize it.
No, it is not that easy.
It's not programmed
to any DNA sequence.
It's fatal to everyone.
In 42 hours,
the capsules will dissolve,
and she will be infected.
Then the virus
will go airborne.
We are talking global
contamination within a week.
Why in the hell would you
create something like that?
Because I thought
I was one of them.
-Eteon.
-They told me
they wanted to save the world
through science.
I believed in their cause.
I developed the Snowflake
to be a carrier for vaccines,
a panacea for the whole world,
but they redeveloped it
into a programmable apocalypse
to attack the weakest of us,
those not worthy
of Eteon's vision of the future.
For a scientist,
you seem incredibly stupid.
Well, I'm a two-times
Nobel Prize winner,
but who's counting?
All right, you said
the virus is programmable.
So... reprogram it.
I can't reprogram it in a host.
Just tell us how to get
this thing out from me.
Well, there are two options,
and the first is easy.
-Go.
-Finally.
-You kill her.
-Excuse me?
Oh, and burn the body,
of course.
-Of course.
-No, I mean really burn it.
-Really burn it?
-To ash.
-To ash?
-Beyond all recognition.
-Let's assume that that's not
an option, shall we, genius?
Yeah, it doesn't work for us.
Option number two.
There is a machine
that could preserve her life
-and extract the virus.
-HOBBS: Well, that should've
been option number one.
Because it's impossible
to get to.
We'll decide what's impossible.
Where is it?
It's in the Eteon laboratory
where the Snowflake
was developed.
A secret dark-tech complex
fortified by an army
in the most godforsaken part
of the planet.
But if you go there,
all three of you will die.
So, basically,
what you're saying is--
she dies no matter what.
Well, who needs a drink?
I know just the place.
♪ ♪
♪ I'll keep you alive ♪
♪ Keep you alive ♪
♪ They'll be talking about you
long after you die ♪
Wow, look at all these.
♪ Long after you die ♪
Somebody's overcompensating.
If anything,
I'm under-compensating.
HOBBS:
And a teeny-tiny one.
(chuckles)
Just your size.
SHAW: Used it for a job
over in Italy.
Shame we didn't need
a weight-lifting bus driver.
-Would've given you a call.
-(Hobbs chuckles)
♪ I'll keep you alive ♪
♪ Keep you alive ♪
♪ They'll be talking about you
long after you die ♪
Drink?
♪ I'll keep you alive ♪
Yeah, I'll take a little one.
♪ Keep you alive ♪
♪ They'll be talking about you ♪
♪ Long after you die ♪
♪ Long after you die. ♪
I'll write to someone
in Moscow-- an old friend.
Yeah, we have a long history.
She and her crew are paying
a visit to some locals.
A particular Russian
criminal element
who have things
that we're gonna need.
Considering your history
with friends,
how many bullets you put
in this one's head?
Hey, they can set us up
with gear,
and I don't hear
any other ideas.
You know as well as I do
getting out
of this country is gonna be
extremely difficult.
We have every major
intelligence agency
already hunting us down.
HATTIE: And there's the fact
that you disgraced MI6
when you betrayed your team.
Don't believe everything
they tell you.
Smile.
(camera clicks)
You know, regular back channels
aren't gonna work this time.
We're gonna have to do our best
to blend in.
HATTIE:
Hide in plain sight.
That's why we'll be flying
commercial.
Commercial,
we're gonna get spotted
-too easy at the...
-(camera clicks)
Don't worry
that pea-sized brain.
I handled it.
Cloned our cell phone signals
around the world.
Should buy us
at least 48 hours.
We'll pick up new gear
when we get to Moscow.
This should get us past the
wandering eyes at the airport.
This is probably the only thing
that's gonna fit.
Fit what, a Smurf?
I think that's
one of my old ones.
I apologize in advance if it's
a little loose around the balls.
(laughing):
Okay.
What do we got, tough guy?
Come on.
SHAW:
I've created new identities
and altered
your biometric profiles
so the airport scanners
don't recognize
your faces or your fingerprints.
You're Sarah Atkins.
You work in insurance.
Hello.
Thank you.
Thanks.
SHAW:
I'm Franz Gruber.
I'm a freelance architect, avid mountain climber
and a part-time ski instructor.
Thank you.
And you,
you're Michael Oxmaul.
"Mike Oxmaul."
I go by Michael.
OFFICER:
Freeze! Stop, sir.
-Stay right where you are!
-Stay there!
-(officers clamoring)
-It's Mike. It's Mike Oxmaul.
It's not small. It's...
And my name's Michael.
They've stopped him for what,
exactly?
Well, whatever it is,
it's gonna involve
rubber gloves
and a body cavity search.
Let's go.
(dog barking)
Hands on your head, Oxmaul.
(quiet chatter)
HATTIE:
Can't believe you did that.
He was gonna slow us down.
(indistinct announcement
over speakers)
We can't pull this off
and we both know it.
It's bad enough
I got this thing in my blood
that's gonna kill me
and everyone else,
but were you seriously gonna
break this mysterious machine
out of some high-security
death virus complex
and magically get it to work?
Because, frankly,
that sounds completely...
You still wear
that silly thing?
Didn't know you still had that.
Put the pin back in.
You haven't changed.
Wish I could say the same
about you.
Hey, you're gonna be okay.
We're gonna make this work.
It's what we do.
And what if we don't?
What if the only option
is for you to...
It's not happening.
HOBBS:
Hi. I'm here.
I'm Michael.
♪ ♪
Hi. Yeah.
Hello.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see.
Where's my seat?
F-one, F-two...
F you.
Hey.
(sighs)
You are an asshole.
You were quicker than I thought.
Yep, because I have
a secret weapon.
People actually like me.
You wouldn't understand that,
because you don't have
any friends.
I love your babushka.
(chuckles)
(horns honking)
(dog barking in distance)
(gasps)
Couldn't have booked
an emergency row
for a little bit more
legroom, huh?
Not everybody has
hobbit legs like you.
Hey, look,
in case you didn't realize,
I couldn't give a damn
about your comfort.
So, why don't you be
a good elephant,
suck up another kilo of peanuts,
put your chair back and relax?
All right, listen, don't ever
tell me to relax, all right?
Don't tell me to do anything.
Any time you ever say anything,
it makes me want to take my boot
and shove it so far up your ass,
you're gonna be spitting out
shoelaces all week.
Hey, you know what
the problem is?
I'll tell you the problem.
This job...
(whispers):
This job requires stealth.
And you...
Look at you.
I mean, granted,
it's not your fault,
but you're too obvious.
You stick out.
Like balls on a bulldog
dangling down
in all the wrong places.
Seemingly harmless...
and the next thing you know,
they're trying to impregnate
your sister.
(laughs) What?
Impregnate your sister?
You heard.
Oh.
Now I get it.
You do? Good.
-I'm glad. Yeah, I'm glad.
-Mm-hmm.
-I'm very glad.
-So you actually think
that I'm going through
all this effort
on this mission,
trying to save the world--
by the way, for a fourth time,
because I'm really good at it--
you think I'm going
through all of this
just so I can do
the horizontal hula,
sexy, sexy time
with your sister?
Not all. Most.
Let me break it down
for you, Frodo.
This ain't 1955 anymore,
all right?
And despite the fact that
that girl sleeping right there
is related to you, she's still
one of the toughest,
baddest, most capable women
I've ever encountered
in my entire life.
And if she chooses
to look the way
of this big, brown,
well-endowed,
tattooed mountain of a man,
then guess what.
I'm gonna let her
climb this mountain
over and over and over again.
You stay away from her.
I see what you're doing.
What, you think I'm stupid?
Of course I think you're stupid.
But you know what?
I'll do you a favor.
I'll knock that dumb
right out of your skull.
You just say the word, jack.
You know what I want to do?
I want to do an Irish jig
on your arse-ugly face
at 30,000 feet.
-Oh, 30,000 feet.
-Yeah.
-So you want to dance right now?
-Oh, yeah.
The only thing holding you back
is air and opportunity.
(inhales deeply)
And there goes the air.
-Bring it on, Don Ho.
-"Don Ho"?
That's enough.
Hey, cut it out.
Both of y'all, cut it out.
Oh, see?
You woke up the air marshal.
You woke the air marshal.
How did you know
I was the air marshal?
-Unaccompanied.
-Late boarding the plane.
HOBBS:
Aisle seat.
BOTH:
Golf shirt.
Well, let's just call that
an educated guess.
Air Marshal Dinkley
at your service.
I'm sorry,
did you just say "Dinkley"?
What's the problem?
Dinkley.
Understand this, big fella,
because it's my job to observe.
Thick neck,
your head's been on a swivel
since you've been
on this damn plane.
Every passenger that's got
on here, you been checking out.
You're a lawman.
And you, Mr. Armani Pants,
you're a spy.
He's pretty good.
-Ah, not bad.
-I get it. We all big guys.
The three of us, alphas.
Three apex predators
cooped up in the sky.
Tensions get high.
What you throwing
up on the bench, big fella?
300, 400 pounds?
Little less.
Yeah, light work.
I'm doing the same thing.
Slanging weight.
Clanging and banging.
What you into?
Hot yoga? Pilates?
Probably mess around
in the Octagon.
Yeah, you want to know
what I do?
I sit in a can of farts
all day long.
That's what I'm dealing with.
It's an occasional terrorist
and a lot of recycled ass.
I would give anything
to be on the front line again.
"Again"?
What?
I was a compartmented element
for JSOC.
You were in Delta?
Sabre Squad Echo, 24-7, baby.
Echo?
Those guys were the warlocks
-because of the magic
they could do. -That's right.
Well, if that's the case, then
I'm-a say abracadabra, bitches.
You're looking at the magic.
You know what your problem is?
Your balance is off.
You need a third squaddie.
-No, no, no, we're good.
-No.
Guys, I know the game.
(deep voice):
You hear me? I know the game.
HOBBS:
What are you doing?
What do you mean,
what am I doing?
-Don't talk like that.
-SHAW: You sound different.
-Do I?
-That's not your voice.
Use your regular voice.
This is my regular voice.
I'm talking like
the warlocks talk, baby.
They don't talk like that.
(normal voice):
I'm just showing you.
That's all, guys.
Look, all I'm saying is
I could complete this holy
trinity that you guys have.
Three would be too much.
Here's my résumé.
This is my card.
'Cause if you need stuff,
I'm the guy
that you call
to get what you need.
You want a Citation X?
You want a GV?
You want a Boeing 747?
You want a helicopter?
You want something stealth?
I'm an air marshal.
I'm your guy.
-(machine whirring)
-(chain clinking)
-(whirring stops)
-(loud clank)
Please, please let me go.
(screams, sobs)
What do you want?!
I want our property
out of that girl's blood.
No, the virus is-is
too dangerous.
I-I can't.
Humans must evolve, Professor.
Without Eteon's upgrades,
the human body's
really not worth that much.
Maybe 11 pence worth
of magnesium,
couple of pence
worth of calcium,
little bit of iron.
Not worth much.
I'd say, all in all,
probably about three pound.
Three pound 50, max.
The entirety of a man's worth--
small change.
You're going to reprogram
that virus for me.
I-I won't.
(screams)
♪ Shut your mouth for a minute ♪
♪ Eyes red, tight chest,
lips that won't quit it ♪
♪ I'm sick to death
of this business ♪
♪ Who are you to tell me
I'm finished... ♪
(muffled grunting)
(bottle shatters)
♪ That I'm gonna give you
the satisfaction ♪
♪ I left my conscience
burning... ♪
You stupid...
(muffled grunt)
HOBBS:
Ah, your friend's a Russian mobster.
SHAW:
This girl steals from Russian mobsters.
Actually, she steals from everyone.
It's kind of her thing.
Deckard Shaw.
Margarita.
Oh, I did not see that coming.
I wish I didn't see that at all.
Me, too.
MARGARITA:
I got your list.
It's long.
-(crash in distance)
-(man screams)
I asked for a house on a runway.
Not sure a dozen Russians
in duct tape were on the list.
Well, give me more
than three-hour notice,
and I wouldn't have to resort
to such extremes.
-(bang in distance)
-(man screams)
Not sure three hours
has anything to do
with your extremes, Margarita.
(beeping)
MARGARITA:
Qué mierda,
Deckard.
Eteon. Could you pick
a harder place to break into?
We need to find the C17
viral extraction machine.
Could be anywhere.
That facility is three
square miles of research labs.
Yeah. And it's a powder keg
packed with munitions.
We've got to pull a Mick Jagger.
This sounds like a fun game.
We're not getting you
on the inside. No.
So, when Deck and I were kids,
we used to spend our time
coming up with these grifts.
A Mick Jagger was a job thatrequired one person to showboat
to draw all the eyes while the others made the music.
A typical inside job.
Guys, you heard Andreiko.
They have to use
the extraction machine,
so they'll take me right to it.
No, I can do it.
We can do it.
So now the only question is how
to ring Eteon's dinner bell.
Oh, I can handle that part.
But first,
let's get you geared up.
These are your HALO parachutes.
Earbuds for
encrypted communication.
Scorpion EVO 3
with optical sights.
Ultrathin
bullet-resisting Kevlar.
Infrared cameras
for seeing through walls.
And last but not least,
compact hydrogen detonator.
Put it in the right spot,
it'll blow the place sky-high.
How do I look?
Looks a little tight.
How you holding up?
You know, if things
go south in there,
you can't leave me alive.
We're gonna get you
out of there.
And let me tell you
something else.
"The key to immortality
is first living a life
worth remembering."
Is that more Nietzsche?
Nah. That's Bruce Lee.
(Hattie chuckles)
Come on.
BRIXTON:
How'd you find her?
MARGARITA:
You've heard about me.
I'm good at my job.
BRIXTON:
Was she alone?
Yeah.
If you're lying to me,
I will cut your heart out.
Do you understand?
I'd be afraid if I had one.
♪ ♪
(jet engine idling)
Now that's a ride.
What a ride.
-I got shotgun.
No, no, no. Don't start.
I got shotgun.
(jet engine roaring)
-We're entering the drop zone!
-Are you ready?
-Yeah, I'm ready.
-On my three.
-Okay. (grunts)
-One!
(screams) You asshole!
Whoo!
♪ You're messing with
the boss now ♪
♪ You're messing
with the boss now ♪
♪ You're messing with
the boss now. ♪
HOBBS:
Nobody tells me what to do.
(alarm buzzes)
(man speaking Russian
over P.A.)
(rapid gunfire in distance)
(busy chatter)
(man continues speaking Russian
over P.A.)
HATTIE:
So, I'm intrigued.
Do you wash the blood
off your hands
before you count your money
or is it afterwards?
Dismissed.
No, you don't get it, do you?
You know, the weak
deal with money.
We deal with
evolutionary change,
change that sometimes require
acts of violence.
Like killing innocent people
with viruses?
Only the weak ones.
We're dealing with
the future of the planet,
things that money cannot buy.
Oh, like your soul back?
My soul?
Your brother took my soul.
The boys in the lab
made me a new one.
Now, that's progress.
-(punch lands)
-(man grunts)
(helicopter passing)
BRIXTON: Welcome to
the extraction room, Miss Shaw.
Get her ready.
It won't be long.
HOBBS: I tell you,
we ain't gonna want to be here
-when this thing goes off.
-(rapid ticking)
(beeps)
Looks like she's 400 yards
through there.
Looks like they're holding her
in some sort of medical pod.
Timer's set for 45 minutes.
We get in and get out.
Blow this death factory
to pieces.
Remember the hallway.
No guns.
Right.
Those guys have to be alive.
Because at the end of the
hallway, the retinal scanner
needs a match to open the door.
-Pick a door.
-One right there.
-Nope, that's my door.
-What's the matter with you?
(beeping)
I made a mistake.
This is your door.
Oh, no. No backsies.
What's the matter?
You got a lot of bad guys
behind that door?
Watch this.
You might learn something.
♪ ♪
(guards shouting)
(grunting)
(exhales slowly)
(growls)
(groaning)
(faintly):
Watch this.
(laughs)
(guard shouts)
(grunting)
(yawns)
Eh.
(guard grunts)
(glass squeaks)
(electricity crackles)
-(beeps) -AUTOMATED MALE VOICE:
Enter corresponding match.
Access denied.
(guard grunts)
(whispers):
You come and do it.
-(chimes)
-Access granted.
Doors opening.
BRIXTON:
Very good. Well done, boys.
I'm impressed
that you even got in here.
♪ ♪
(guards scream)
(both groan)
That-That's...
That's not possible.
No.
-What are you doing?
-Having to extract it myself.
Wait!
(engine starts)
(engine rumbling)
-(chains click)
-(grunts)
(panting)
SHAW:
There he is.
Nice and rested?
Get your full eight hours?
I was gonna order
some room service.
What do you fancy?
French toast?
I'll get the order in.
I just dreamt they killed you
before I woke up.
Pretty disappointed right now.
It's a little elaborate,
I must admit.
Old-school
interrogation technique
we picked up in black ops.
Shock will kill a man in three.
Do you remember that, Deck?
Yeah, I remember
a lot of things from back then.
I reckon you've only got
four shocks in you, boys.
Yeah?
I think we could take five.
Five?
-Well, all right.
-(electricity buzzing)
(Hobbs and Shaw straining)
-(buzzing stops)
-(both panting)
You had to open your big mouth,
didn't you?
I... I thought it was a cool
thing to say in the moment.
♪ ♪
(grunting)
Hmm.
Do you remember
when we were real brothers?
Task Force Black.
Do you remember that, Deck?
Man, we ended up seeing
the worst in people--
worst in our countries,
our leaders, our enemies,
our... our friends.
You don't know the meaning
of that word anymore.
Yeah, but don't worry about it;
neither does he.
He shoots them right
in the head, but in your case,
I thought it was
a hell of a good idea.
Big man, are you still talking?
I said I thought it was
a hell of a good i... (grunts)
(electricity buzzing)
(both grunting)
-(buzzing stops)
-Yeah.
(both grunt)
Shit.
(laughs)
You know, it's funny
how humanity's hate
for each other is stronger
than its own self-preservation,
which is why we're here.
Remember eight years ago, Deck,
when Eteon asked us
to join their mission?
Oh, you mean their death cult.
They're lunatics.
Visionaries.
Visionaries of a future,
a bigger future,
a brighter future.
You remember the data
they gave us, man.
What with environmental damage,
capitalism, terrorism,
humanity wipes itself out
by 2096.
Now, that is scary to me.
But if we fulfill Eteon's
vision, you save their world.
You don't save the world
with genocide.
Genocide, schmenocide.
You know what this virus is?
This virus is a necessary shock
to the system!
-(electricity buzzing)
-(grunts)
(Shaw shouts in distance)
-(electricity buzzing)
-(grunts)
(strained grunt)
(electricity stops)
-(both panting)
-BRIXTON: Whoo!
That's three.
(chuckles)
I love this thing.
Told you then,
I'm telling you now,
your metrics are off.
One good reason:
you assume the worst in people.
People cannot be trusted
to do the right thing.
Look at the two of you.
The fate of the world
is in your hands,
and you can't even get along.
But you know all about
doing the right thing,
don't you, Shaw?
Yeah.
Little souvenir, huh, bro?
You come to kill me,
I'll do the same every time.
What'd you expect?
A shiatsu?
(laughs)
Anyone talking to you?
Your mama.
-(electricity buzzing)
-(both grunting)
-Yeah!
-(electricity stops)
(both grunt)
(laughs) I get it.
Y-You're still mad.
You're-you're upset because,
hey, when you wouldn't turn,
they asked me
to come and kill you,
and, of course, I had to
because you knew too much.
But I think about
that night a lot.
I think about it.
Because what I realize now
that I did not realize then
is that when you shot me,
you gave me a gift.
Look at me.
I'm black superman.
Bulletproof, new spine.
And the more machine I become,
the more humane I am.
This is what
you want to fight for.
I'm giving you another chance
to join us, Deckard.
And the boss wants
Big Mouth as well.
If not, I kill you both.
Which, honestly, I'd love to do.
(Shaw exhales heavily)
You know Eteon.
You know
what they're capable of.
They rebuilt me.
Dismantled him.
Made it look like
he killed his own team.
Even your own sister...
disowned you.
(sighs)
Just say the word, bro, say the
word and all of this goes away.
Your sister lives.
His daughter lives.
We get you some upgrades, and
we go on to saving the world.
(chuckles)
What's it to be?
Join the evolution of man
or die with the weak?
Just get it done.
(chuckles) I told the boss
you wouldn't change your mind.
See you later.
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait!
Wait!
(panting)
I think we should join.
Join?
(panting softly)
HOBBS: You said some really
compelling things, and...
I mean,
that black superman thing,
that really got me;
I love that.
What are you,
deaf, stupid or both?
-We ain't joining.
-There you go again.
You're just thinking about
yourself. You're such a diva.
What about my feelings,
for once?
Let me tell you something,
if we were a band,
you know who you'd be?
You'd be Mick Jagger.
"Mick Jagger."
Mick Jagger?
BRIXTON:
Oi, what's it to be?
In or out?
BOTH:
We're not gonna join.
But since you're standing there,
here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna rip the arm
off this chair.
I'm gonna smash him
right in the face,
stab him right in the neck
for looking that way,
kill all 13 guys
in seven seconds.
And here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna slip out of these
chains and dropkick him...
-Yeah. Yeah. -...him and him
right in the throat.
No, not him. That's my guy.
You got to pick another guy.
What do you mean that's
your guy? That's my guy.
No, no, no.
That's face-smash guy.
You got to find
another dropkick guy.
You want a face-smash guy?
I'm gonna find you one.
See that guy over there?
The big one.
-That's face-smash guy.
-No, he's way too big.
Ain't that right, Hattie?
Let 'em go.
All right, boys, stay calm.
We need her alive.
Let them go, or what?
Or you're gonna get
a nice new breeze
right at the center
of your forehead.
-You're not gonna shoot me.
-(gun buzzes)
Because you need an activation
chip to fire that gun.
Sorry.
Try this gun!
(Brixton screams)
I'm not small change.
(grunts)
(men shouting)
(grunting)
(men screaming)
♪ ♪
-Let's roll.
-You think?
Dick.
(gun beeps)
(rapid gunfire continues)
(bullets ricocheting)
(tires screeching)
HOBBS:
There she is.
(grunts)
-Hattie, where's the machine?
-In the second truck.
On it.
(bullets ricocheting)
-Mick Jagger.
-Never fails.
-(alarm blaring)
-(men shouting)
(tires squealing)
(rapid gunfire continues)
We're not
out of this yet, Hattie.
Got the machine.
Get a move on!
Train's leaving the station!
(yelling)
-(men shouting)
-(bullets ricocheting)
(beeping)
(engine revving)
That sumbitch really is
black superman.
(rapid ticking)
(tires screeching)
-Engage drones.
-(engine revving)
(drones buzzing)
We're running out of road!
Hold on!
Route to intercept.
(beeping)
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(grunts) Whoo!
On your left!
Brace yourself.
(gunfire, bullets ricocheting)
(both grunt)
(grunting)
(engine sputtering)
Hobbs!
This ain't gonna make it.
Bringing her to you.
You thinking
what I'm thinking, Shaw?
Let's trade some paint.
Trade some paint.
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(heavy gunfire)
-Hattie.
-Huh?
You trust me?
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(panting quietly)
♪ ♪
(beeping, whirring)
Gonna need a ride.
I know what you're thinking.
Just keep driving.
I'll make it.
Take the wheel.
Ah, there he is.
(grunts)
-I got him.
-No, I got him.
-I-I got him.
(grunting)
(yelling, grunting)
(rumbling)
(grunts)
I thought you were strong.
(grunting)
-(grunts)
-(yelling)
(grunts)
(rumbling)
(panting)
(engine sputtering)
(engine stops)
HOBBS:
I'm sorry, brother.
This thing is really damaged.
HATTIE:
Well, there goes option two.
That only leaves the first one.
Come on, stop it, Hat.
I'm tired, Deck.
I am done running.
-We still got time.
-Time? Time for what?
-The machine's destroyed.
-Yeah, well, we'll fix it.
-Well, how?
-HOBBS: We need to find a place
-to get off the grid.
-HATTIE: Where?
We're wanted
all over the world,
and Brixton won't stop.
We can't risk millions
of people.
I told you on the plane,
we should have gone
with option one.
It is done now, Deck.
-It's not done.
-It's done.
It's not done!
It's not done.
Look at me.
Remember that thing you used
to say to me when we were kids?
Huh?
Used to look at me and say,
"Deck, it's never over
till it's over."
We used to laugh.
Remember that?
No, Deck, it went:
"It's never over
till I say it's over."
Yeah, that was it.
(chuckles softly)
So say it now.
Say it.
Remember who we are.
We're the Shaw family.
We never, never, never give up.
We've got a day.
More than a day.
HATTIE: But we don't even know
where we'd go.
I know a place.
Where?
It's the last place on Earth
I ever want to go.
Home.
("Taku uo Pele" by Te Vaka
playing)
♪ Fakafetai mo to alofa ♪
♪ Te gali ona taimi ♪
♪ Heoli lahi te fiafia ♪
-♪ Kiki ki luga ve he matagi ♪
-(line ringing)
♪ Meake ve he lalolagi
a tatou... ♪
DINKLEY (over phone):
Abracadabra, bitches.
I told you that I could
get you anything.
And listen to me,
from Moscow to Samoa,
that is not an easy flight
to charter, but I got it done.
Well, that's why
we're calling you, Dinkley.
We just wanted to say thank you
for getting us
that bird to Samoa.
DINKLEY:
Warriors help out warriors.
So all you need to know
is that you got
a third squaddie over here
that is ready to go
whenever you need me to.
-I'm just sitting in my lair.
-(toilet flushes)
You in a bathroom?
DINKLEY:
Potato, potahto.
Wherever I am
is where the magic happens.
We ain't got to get
into specifics.
Just to make sure,
you got all the contacts?
You got the...
you got the cell.
You got my-my e-mail.
-Got 'em all.
-You know what?
I'm-a shoot you
my mom number, too.
I'm-a make sure you got that,
'cause if you can't get me,
she can.
-Yeah. -I got a Hotmail address
that's still active.
Hit me on that.
LinkedIn.
That's my profile
-account thing I've been doing.
-(imitates droning static)
But, just, you know,
I'm just making sure
-you got everything, so call...
-We're losing you.
That was my phone.
I hope this brother of yours is
as good a mechanic
as you say he is.
Jonah is the best mechanic
I know,
and he's gonna help us.
That is, if he doesn't
kill me first.
(birds squawking, dog barking)
(sighs)
SHAW:
Yeah, take your time.
Hey, it's only my sister's life
and the fate of the world
we're waiting on.
(exhales sharply)
HATTIE:
Oh, here we go.
Bet you a bull's-eye 50 quid
he punches him in the face.
Deal.
(sighs)
(sighs) Jonah.
You know what comes next?
Yep.
(grunts)
(others exclaiming)
See? Not just me.
(speaking Samoan)
Your face, it's all over
the bloody news, boy.
You're not welcome here, police.
You got a bloody cheek.
Coming here after 25 years.
Bringing your problems here
to this house.
You betrayed our family.
Bring shame on our house.
You betrayed your own blood!
(yells in Samoan)
Jonah, I hear you,
but we ain't kids anymore.
You better watch
how you talk to me.
It's not the size of the dog
in the fight, boy.
It's the size of the fight
in the dog.
No, it's always
the size of the dog.
WOMAN: Hey! No fighting
under this roof, huh?
Is that my Luke?
Oka.
My baby's home.
Hey, Mama.
Oka,
I miss my baby boy.
But look at you,
all skin and bones.
-(chuckling)
-Come over here and eat.
No, no, no, no, no, no, Mama,
there's... there's no time.
Look, I'm sorry. I didn't want
to bring trouble here.
You should have stayed away.
What did you bring here?
What's going on?
-I-I brought the truth here.
-What truth?
The truth is we were set up.
We were framed by people
who created a deadly virus.
Oh, come on.
It could go global
if it's not stopped.
We could all die.
All of us.
Everybody here in this
fale,
everybody on the island,
and everybody around the world.
Jonah, I need you to help
fix this machine.
I need you to help my friends,
and I need us to build defenses
around here now.
You think you can just
come back in here
and we're gonna help you
after everything you did?
-Yes, yes, yes!
-Not gonna happen!
-This is bigger than you and I!
-I don't care!
It's bigger than you and I!
-We could die.
-Good!
Because I would rather die
than help you,
polo
head!
Listen, I know your brother's
hard to be around--
believe me-- but I trust him.
And he brought us here
because this place
has something that nowhere else
on the planet does: you.
You don't know me,
I don't know you, okay?
Time for you all to go.
Take your machine with you.
Go now!
(exclaims in Samoan)
-Go!
-Jonah Hobbs! (speaks Samoan)
You have some respect
for your
uso.
If he needs anything,
we're gonna give it to him.
The food off our tables,
the clothes off our backs,
even the mana of the islands.
And you boys, all you boys,
you show our guests here
fa'aaloalo,
or so help me God,
I'm gonna take
this here slipper,
and I'm gonna
sasa
your big, fat heads!
You boys hear me?
I'm sorry to bring
this here, Mama.
Luke, this is your home.
We Samoans.
We can handle troubles.
(mechanical whirring)
-(whooshing, crackling)
-(yells)
DIRECTOR:
You were right.
You don't turn soldiers
like them.
Do what I built you to do.
(yells)
You're a one-of-a-kind
war machine.
Bring us back my virus.
No handcuffs this time.
You can have your revenge.
I will.
MERC:
We found them.
They hopped
an unregistered cargo plane.
-To where?
-Samoa.
Gentlemen, this is where
you earn your upgrades.
Bring me back my virus.
("I'm Comin' Home"
by Aloe Blacc x AG playing)
♪ I done burned
all the bridges ♪
♪ On this lonely road ♪
♪ It's too late
for forgiveness ♪
♪ Pearly gates done closed ♪
♪
Pearly gates done closed
Yeah.
♪ Oh... oh... ♪
♪ Hey... ♪
♪ So, darlin',
if you see the devil... ♪
HATTIE:
This is quite the operation.
HOBBS:
Yeah, for a chop shop.
HATTIE:
Your dad was a car thief, then?
HOBBS: Ah, no. My dad
actually stole everything.
Drugs, guns.
HATTIE:
Sounds just like my family.
HOBBS: Mama raised us
till we were teenagers,
and my old man started
coming around again,
taking a real interest
in his sons.
Truth is he was just looking
for a new crew.
And I was the only one
to see through those lies.
So the jobs my dad pulled me
and my brothers into
just got bigger
and more dangerous.
Then, eventually,
he knew, and...
he was okay with getting me
and my brothers killed.
So I turned him in.
Or you protected your family.
So, after I put him away,
I left Samoa
and I never came back.
Well, at least
one good thing came out of me
jamming that thing into my hand.
Yeah, what's that?
Got to bring you home, didn't I?
(sighs) Lucky me.
("Masta" by Tha Movement
and Anonymouz playing)
You went legit.
Yeah, 100% clean now.
Custom shop,
international clients.
See those bikes? Going Tokyo.
And that car? New York.
That one over there
is going London.
Turns out people like our stuff.
I needed to do something
to hold our family together.
After you abandoned us.
Hey, good news.
Change of clothes. Hats.
Hey, your mum said
you might like to wear this.
Must be your favorite size:
spray-on.
Why don't you throw
another jacket on.
It's 110 degrees out there.
Hey, look, down to business.
We got any weapons?
Oh, we got weapons.
Mama, where's all our guns?
I get rid of 'em.
Very noble, Mrs. Hobbs.
We're in serious trouble.
That is an understatement.
These guns...
they kill all my family.
So we gonna fight.
Gonna fight with this,
and we gonna fight with this.
'Cause no take a real man
for pull one trigger.
All right. We're going to war
with the family heirlooms.
Got it.
We're gonna need a lot more.
We're never gonna survive
their firepower.
It doesn't take a man
to pull a trigger,
but for Eteon, it does take
an activation chip.
You still got that glove?
You're thinking
closed-system hack.
It'll level the playing field
if you can.
Certainly buy us some time.
HOBBS:
Shut their guns down.
I'm on it.
You ready?
War is what I do.
Let's go old-school.
Take a look around.
This is where we draw the line.
Who would have thought
this is where
we're gonna save the world?
We need to make 'em
play by our rules.
Tomorrow morning,
there'll be a storm
raging on the north cliffs.
We'll build
a no-man's-land there.
And if all else fails,
that'll be our last stand.
Hey, how many more of these
we got to do?
Just keep digging, brother.
SHAW: When we were in Kandahar
running raids,
Brixton would always strike
just before dawn.
It's when the enemy's
most tired,
still under the cover of night.
When the battle shifts
into high gear,
you got the sun at your back.
HOBBS:
We let 'em all in,
and we make sure
they never leave.
Kill box. I like it.
Not like we got
a ton of resources.
But the island will provide,
brother.
♪ I done been around the world,
ain't nobody else ♪
♪ That can do it like us
with nobody help ♪
♪ When the chips about to fall ♪
♪ And our back
against the wall ♪
♪ Know it's only
one place I call ♪
♪ All roads lead home ♪
-♪
Oh...
♪
-♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ All roads lead home ♪
-♪
Oh...
♪
-♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ All roads lead home ♪
♪ Back home
and I'm tryin' to stay ♪
♪ Same crew,
I don't like to change ♪
♪ Anything that we've
been through ♪
♪ We got through it all
like no time to waste ♪
♪ We go right back
to the finer things ♪
♪ New goals that we
had to chase ♪
♪ Come together,
this last forever ♪
♪ I wouldn't be here
without the gang ♪
♪ Been around the world,
everybody looking at me ♪
♪ Like I know the path to take ♪
♪ I don't know it all,
but I know the homeys ♪
♪ Looking at me
like I have the way ♪
♪ So I tell 'em all what I see ♪
♪ Then I tell 'em all
what I hope to see ♪
♪ Tell 'em all when I'm home ♪
♪ I'll be bringing
all of that home with me ♪
♪ I done been around the world,
ain't nobody else ♪
♪ That can do it like us
with nobody help ♪
♪ When the chips about to fall ♪
♪ And our back
against the wall ♪
♪ Know it's only
one place I call ♪
♪ All roads lead home ♪
♪
Oh...
♪ Welcome to my city,
welcome, welcome to my city ♪
♪
Oh...
♪ The only place I know ♪
♪ All roads lead home ♪
♪
Oh...
♪ Welcome to my city,
welcome, welcome to my city ♪
♪
Oh...
♪ The only place I know ♪
♪ All roads lead home. ♪
Give me the good news, Hat.
I'm in.
The only thing is,
I could only block
the signal repeaters
on the satellite
for six minutes.
Six minutes might be
all the time we need.
Better than a sharp stick
in the eye.
Which is basically all we've
got to fight them with anyway.
Done more with less, haven't we?
(chuckles)
(birds chirping)
(wind whistling softly)
Hi.
-Drink?
-Sure.
Thank you.
(bottles clink)
HATTIE:
Just taking it all in,
in case it's
the last sunset we see.
♪ ♪
I shouldn't have believed
that Deckard went dark.
Wasted so much time.
I'm...
I've spent my whole life
running away.
-Me, too.
-Yeah?
Yeah.
I haven't been back here
in 25 years.
I mean, my own daughter
doesn't even know her family.
Well...
you can change that.
Yeah.
So can you.
I got an idea.
Why don't you and I make a
promise right here, right now,
that when we see
tomorrow's sunset,
we begin to fix
the mistakes we've made.
That's just sealed it
so you can't back out.
That's all.
I don't think
there's any chance in hell
I would back out.
You want
to seal it again or...?
-HATTIE: Definitely not.
-Okay.
HATTIE:
Maybe tomorrow, if I survive.
-HOBBS: Jonah.
-JONAH: Look, don't rush me.
HOBBS: It's almost dawn.
He'll be here soon.
-Make it happen now.
-(speaks Samoan)
-Now!
-Hey, hey, hey, d-don't rush me.
That's how mistakes are made.
And how long
does this process take?
It's 30 minutes
and 33 till I go viral.
Look, Deck, I think we need to
seriously consider option one.
Don't strike a match
just yet, Hats.
We are seriously
gonna miss this window.
-Let's do this! Come on!
-No.
-Jonah, now!
-Okay. Fine, fine, okay.
Here goes nothing.
(beeps)
Brace yourself, Hats.
It ain't gonna be pleasant.
-No, it's gonna be fine...
(groans) -(beeps, clicks)
(blood burbling)
(Hattie groans)
-God! Mother...
-(burbling)
(beeping)
It's working.
-Yeah.
-(others cheering)
-JONAH: Yeah!
-(laughs)
(excited chatter)
MAN:
Hey, they triggered the alarm!
That's him.
-As we planned?
-As we planned.
Usos!
It's time.
(urgent chatter)
Jonah.
Just want to say that, uh...
if this thing
goes sideways and...
and this is it...
...I'm sorry.
I may have had my reasons,
but the fact is...
...I left you,
and I left our
'aiga.
I should've come home.
And if we make it through this,
you have my word I'll never
let that happen again.
I love you,
uso.
♪ ♪
I love you, too,
uso.
Okay, you're mobile.
Do you think I need to be
so close to the front line?
Yeah, we keep you close,
keep an eye on you
in case we need to make
a quick getaway.
Hey, this is what we do, right?
It is what we do.
Deckard...
...I overheard
what Brixton said.
That you stayed away
to protect us.
Should've-- I never should've
believed all that stuff.
I know it now.
I don't know why I did.
-I'm so sorry. I should...
-Don't be.
Don't be.
Hey, look, I've done things...
done things I'm not proud of.
Things I...
have to make amends for.
All thanks to what that bastard
put me through.
But right now
the most important thing to me
is getting my little sister
home safely.
-(chuckles)
-(explosion in distance)
-(rapid gunfire)
-(men shouting in distance)
♪ ♪
Eteon, hold!
(lights clank)
(men shout fiercely)
Do it.
Light 'em up!
-(guns beep)
-Huh?
-What's going on?
-Right here.
(guns beeping)
(men shout fiercely)
How long before the guns
get back online?
I've no idea.
(sighs)
(men shout fiercely)
♪ ♪
(engine starts)
(engine roaring)
Shaw.
(men shouting, clamoring)
Air command...
bring me the chopper.
(grunts)
(men yelling)
♪ ♪
(grunting, clamoring)
(both yelling)
(yells)
(grunting)
(yelling)
Deck!
(grunting)
SHAW:
Do it quick, Hats.
It's in, it's in, it's in.
-Is it working?
-Machine's on.
-(beeping)
-(panting)
-(chuckles)
-We're good.
-Let's go.
(grunts)
(shouting and clamoring
continue)
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(both shouting fiercely)
(distorted panting)
♪ ♪
(grunting)
(distorted panting)
(Hattie grunting)
(spits)
Hobbs!
♪ ♪
(engine starts)
-(tires screech)
-(Hobbs grunts)
Go, go!
Let's go fishing, Shaw!
You catch him, I'll gut him!
-Hold on!
-(engine revving)
Huh?
(grunts)
-Welcome to my island, you...
-Take it up!
(grunting)
(engine revving)
(tires screeching)
You get us close
and I'll get her!
I'll keep his nose down.
You reel him in.
(mechanical whirring, clanking)
-Take it up! Take it up!
-(grunting)
-(chokes, screams)
(panting)
Have a day off.
(alarms beeping)
(grunting)
SHAW:
What are you doing?!
HOBBS:
We're going for a ride!
Shit.
JONAH:
We're coming,
usos!
Yahoo!
-(laughs)
-(engine revving)
-Let's go, Jonah!
-Come on, brother.
The axle, the axle!
(grunts)
(engine revving)
Timo, you got this!
-Ah!
-(cables clank)
We're gonna need more weight!
(laughing):
Wa-hoo-hoo-hoo! Yeah!
Bring it in
nice and easy, clean.
Hell yeah,
usos!
-It's too much weight!
-All right, drop 'em!
(laughing)
-(grunting)
-Stay there.
(screaming)
Hit 'em with
the moonshine! Now!
(beeping, whirring)
-(engine roaring)
-(grunts)
(grunts)
-(beeping)
(grunting)
Hang me off a cliff, huh?
My turn.
-(beeping)
-(engine roaring)
-(gun beeps) -Sir,
the weapons are back online.
Let's go, let's go!
(panting)
Goodbye.
Incoming!
We got a little trouble
back here, Shaw!
We'll lose 'em
in no-man's-land!
-(rapid gunfire)
-(bullets ricocheting)
(grunts)
(heavy clanking)
Let's get this up!
(exhales sharply)
All right, now hit that stake!
-(helicopter blades buzzing)
-We're losing the rotor!
Shit.
(yelling)
What the...
I got you, Hobbs.
(grunts)
(helicopter blades buzzing)
-(grunting)
-Hey!
-The rotor!
-Losing power!
-(grunts)
-Guys!
Hattie! Jump!
(grunting)
(yells)
(Hobbs screams)
(thunder rumbling)
(thunder crashes)
-(electrical buzzing)
-(grunting, panting)
♪ ♪
(panting, groaning)
(grunts)
(rapid beeping)
Hey, get up.
Get up.
Hey! Get up!
You don't die
until I tell you to die.
You see the extraction timer?
When it hits zero,
empty this clip into her heart.
Do you understand?
(grunting)
(thunder crashes, rumbles)
Hattie!
(coughing)
This doesn't end your way, boys.
Yeah, you keep
telling yourself that.
Ah, the numbers
don't add up for you.
The evolution of man is coming,
whether you like it or not.
SHAW: You know,
I almost feel bad for you.
'Cause it's not just metal
they filled your head with.
It's bullshit.
I was beginning to like
you two, you know that?
Oh, well.
♪ ♪
(grunting and groaning)
(yells)
(groaning)
(groaning, panting)
What's the problem, boys?
Does it hurt?
Must be hard being so...
human.
(yells)
(grunting and groaning)
(grunts, groans)
-Do you see that?
-Yeah.
We work together,
we can hurt him.
You're right.
Time to work as a team.
There's two of us
and one of him.
I'll take a punch
and let you land one.
I'll do the same.
I got your back, brother.
And I got yours.
Let's go unplug this sumbitch.
-(electrical buzzing)
-(Hobbs yells)
(Brixton yells)
(panting)
(grunts)
(all grunt)
(rapid beeping)
(electrical crackling)
(groans)
(grunting and groaning)
(grunts, groans)
(both yell)
(grunting, panting)
(grunting and groaning)
(groans)
(grunting)
(Brixton groans)
(rapid beeping)
-(grunts)
-(explosive whooshing)
(grunting and groaning)
-(two gunshots)
-(strained grunting)
(panting)
(groans)
Here comes the kryptonite.
(yells)
(grunts)
(beeping)
(groaning)
(panting)
I got it.
You did it, Hat.
Never had a doubt.
Let's get it into safe hands.
(thunder cracks)
You set me up as a traitor.
Turned my own sister against me.
Forced me to kill
my own brother.
You.
And here we are again.
Come on!
Shaw, compared to the cause...
...one life doesn't mean
anything.
I don't know what happened
to you, Brixton.
But you made me kill you once.
I ain't doing it again.
(panting)
Brother, you may believe
in machines,
but we believe in people.
(whooping, shouting)
(thunder rumbling)
(indistinct chatter)
You may have all the technology
in the world.
We have heart.
No machine will ever beat that.
(laughs)
You boys, you're gonna get
one Samoan ass-whupping.
(whooping, shouting)
♪ ♪
DIRECTOR:
Shut Brixton down.
Shut him down.
That's how it is?
(chuckling):
It's a hell of a business, boys.
(gasps weakly)
(electrical whirring)
DIRECTOR: Brixton never really
lived up to our expectations.
But you three,
you outperformed your analytics.
You don't remember me,
do you, Hobbs?
You will.
It's gonna be
a hell of a reunion.
You're on our radar now.
And you're on ours.
(static crackles)
(electronics power down)
Hey, thanks for being
my sidekick
through this whole thing,
brother.
You were great.
Hey. How 'bout I side-kick
that stupid look off your face?
Yeah? How 'bout
you show me right now?
Okay, guys.
Let's go home. Huh?
(chuckles softly)
-Yeah.
-All right.
(Hobbs and Shaw laugh)
Look, Batman had Robin.
Dr. Evil had Mini-Me.
You're my Mini-Me. Wha...
SHAW: Han Solo had Chewbacca.
Kermit had Miss Piggy.
HOBBS: That's a low blow.
Don't say that.
Don't argue with me on
my island. You're my sidekick.
♪ There never seems to be time ♪
♪ To do the things you want
once you find them ♪
♪ Once you find them ♪
♪ I've looked around
enough to know ♪
♪ That you're the one I want
to go through time with ♪
♪ Through time with ♪
♪ There never seems to be
enough time ♪
♪ To do the things you want
to do once you find them ♪
♪ Once you find them ♪
♪ I've looked around
enough to know ♪
♪ That you're the one
I want to go ♪
♪ Through time with,
through time with ♪
♪ We're now
running out of time ♪
♪ We're now running out of ♪
-♪ Time ♪
-♪
Ah, ah, ah, ah
♪
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ah, ah, ah, ah...
♪
I'm so happy you're back.
Ooh, ooh...
♪
SHAW: Brought you that cake
you wanted.
♪
Ah, ah...
I wouldn't eat it.
♪
Ooh, ooh...
Let's get out of here.
(chuckles)
♪
Ah, ah, ah, ah...
How long have you been
working here?
♪
Oh...
Sam, this is your grandma.
♪
Oh...
(speaking Samoan)
(crying softly):
I love you.
Good to have you home,
uso.
It's good to be home,
(music fades)
-(alarm wailing)
-(rapid gunfire in distance)
-(punches landing)
-(grunting)
(panting)
Hobbs. I hope
you're sitting down, buddy,
because we got big problems.
God, I feel immediately better
just talking to you.
Is that weird?
Anyway, look.
The Snowflake virus,
totally fine,
on lockdown,
in a secure asset vault.
But what we're dealing with
right now is...
another virus.
The last one, well, that melted
your insides, but this one...
melts your outsides.
Literally.
Your skin drips off.
It's like removing
a silk kimono in a hurricane.
It's so gross.
The point is we need to get
on this, like, now.
I need both of you.
What do you say, Becky?
-SAM: Hey, Locke, this is Sam.
-Sam?
You must want
to talk to my dad.
Oh, my God, Sam.
Wow! You... you sound
exactly like your dad.
That is-- it's freaking me out
right now.
It's like listening to a mirror.
-Can you put Hobbs on?
-I'm on.
I know, but I need
to speak to Hobbs, sweetie.
I'm on!
What do you want?
(stammers)
I-I mean, seriously,
record yourself side by--
It's crazy.
Listen, before you say
another word,
tell me you took care
of the Snowflake.
I got it. It's done.
We're good, okay?
'Cause I care about people.
I care about our family.
-Dude, we're not family.
-I know!
What we have is so much deeper.
Listen, hey, real talk...
can you believe
that
Game of Thrones
ending?
I didn't see it.
You watched the shit out of it,
-you dirty little liar.
-What's the problem?
-You said there was a problem.
-My problem is that
Jon Snow had sex with his aunt,
then killed her,
and nobody wants
to talk about it.
That's what my problem is.
-(rapid gunfire)
-Jesus. Hang on a second here.
♪ No one defeats us ♪
♪ 'Cause we are a spirit ♪
♪ One as a body ♪
♪ It's the new controversy ♪
♪ Flesh is a gambler ♪
♪ Spirit man is an investor ♪
♪ No time for losing ♪
♪ You're the greatest treasure ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ One ♪
♪ Defeats ♪
♪ Us ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ No slow, slow down ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ We are all heading ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ Towards the same heaven ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ Stand by your brother ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ Be good to others ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ Help out the homeless ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪ Show love to your neighbor ♪
-♪
Hey, hey
♪
-♪
Hey, hey, hey, hey
♪
-♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba ♪
♪ No one defeats us ♪
-♪
No one defeats us
♪
-♪ No one defeats us ♪
No one defeats us
♪
-♪ No one defeats us ♪
-♪
No one defeats us
♪
Hey, hey
♪ No. ♪
(music fades)
(cell phone ringing)
(phone clicks)
Let me guess.
You have a mission
to save the world.
You just can't do it without me.
(laughs):
No, man.
I was just checking in on you.
Seeing how my good friend
is doing.
And I, um...
I really wanted to hear this.
MAN (over megaphone):
Police!
Come out with your hands up!
We know you're in there,
Hugh Janus.
You bastard.
(sighs heavily)
I warned you,
you bald-headed sumbitch.
When you least expect it...
expect it.
You have no idea
what you've just started.
Well, I'm pretty sure
it involves rubber gloves
and a body cavity search.
Not a chance.
Police!
Get on the ground, Hugh Janus!
This ain't gonna go down
how you boys expect.
(sirens wailing in distance)
I'll be seeing you, Hobbs.
-Looking forward to it, Shaw.
-(rubs hands)
(laughs)
♪ I'm just getting started ♪
♪ I been making moves
before the dawn ♪
♪ Cutting through the darkness ♪
♪ Can't nobody say
I don't belong ♪
♪ I'll be the first shot heard,
make you run for cover ♪
♪ Take my word, ain't no other ♪
♪ Now I'm just getting started ♪
♪ And I can go on and on
and on and on and on ♪
♪ A'ight ♪
♪ I'm-a drink
from my winner cup ♪
♪ Mixing hard work
with beginner's luck ♪
♪ If I fall first,
then lift me up ♪
♪ Never call curtains,
common courtesy ♪
♪ Curiosity,
it killed the kitty ♪
♪ But it got to work for me ♪
♪ Inadvertently I manifested
something great ♪
♪ But it still don't
determine the fate ♪
♪ I'm-a turn the tables,
from the cradle to the grave ♪
♪ Heavy weight, leg day,
steady pray ♪
♪ Heavy head wears crown,
weighed down every day ♪
♪ Here now, make a way,
clear foul, lane change ♪
♪ Breaking out the crazy house ♪
♪ So whatever them people
was saying 'bout me ♪
♪ Hit the lever,
you not on my level ♪
♪ The engine is revving,
I'm ready, I'm ready ♪
♪ I swear you gon'
hear about me ♪
♪ I'm just getting started ♪
♪ I been making moves
before the dawn ♪
♪ Cutting through the darkness ♪
♪ Can't nobody say
I don't belong ♪
♪ I'll be the first shot heard ♪
-♪ Make you run for cover ♪
-♪
Run for cover
♪
♪ Take my word, ain't no other ♪
♪ Know that I'm just
getting started ♪
♪ Just getting started ♪
♪ And I can go on and on
and on and on and on ♪
♪ I can see the future,
it ain't no mystery ♪
♪ I'm on the throne,
looking down, making history ♪
♪ While you were smelling
roses, I was putting work in ♪
♪ I was putting work in ♪
♪ I'm just getting started ♪
♪ I been making moves
before the dawn ♪
♪ Cutting through the darkness ♪
♪ Can't nobody say
I don't belong ♪
♪ I'll be the first shot heard ♪
-♪ Make you run for cover ♪
-♪
Run for cover
♪
♪ Take my word, ain't no other ♪
♪ Know that I'm just
getting started ♪
♪ Just getting started ♪
♪ And I can go on and on
and on and on and on. ♪
(music fades)
("Even if I Die" by Idris Elba
featuring Cypress Hill playing)
♪ I... I-I-I-I will go to war ♪
♪ Going for mine,
running out of time ♪
♪ If you're coming for me,
you better get in line ♪
♪ Hit you with the force
like Skywalker ♪
♪ Creeping through the dark
like a night stalker ♪
♪ Put you in the earth,
say a prayer soon ♪
♪ Tension in the room,
let me break it ♪
♪ With the boom of a shotgun ♪
♪ I got a good side,
I got a bad side ♪
♪ I got a monkey on my back
and I call it pride ♪
♪ I got a mean streak
I don't care to hide ♪
♪ And I will fight for my cause
even if I die ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Time for some action ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Even if I die ♪
♪ I am the evolution of man ♪
♪ And I will win
any way that I can ♪
♪ I go to war
anywhere that I am ♪
(echoing):
♪ I go to war. ♪
♪ ♪
(music fades)
Are you okay?
(groans) Okay.
I'm definitely, uh,
wounded now, so...
I'm gonna really need
that extraction, Big Papa.
Look, I'll tell you what,
sit tight.
I'm coming to get you.
Um, also, you know,
if you didn't mind,
you could bring a couple
of pints of blood as well.
-Locke... -Um, don't you want
to know my-my blood type?
Uh, what's your,
what's your blood type?
It's B positive,
just-just like my life outlook.
-(chuckles) Imagine that.
-Locke.
-Locke?
-Jesus, I'm bleeding a lot.
(straining): God, I'm bleeding
so, so much right now.
Oh, no. Actually, wait,
hold on a second.
(laughs):
That's not my blood.
No, that's not my blood.
Oh, God, I thought that was me!
By the way,
I stabbed a guy with a brick.
How crazy is that?
Turns out, it's not that hard.
(sighs)